Minor changes to texts (#116)
sora-xor/sora-docs: src/integrated-plan.md

- **SORA v3 network Launch**: One of the longer-term milestones of the Integrated plan, all of the previous milestones must be completed to unlock the secret that will lead to the implementation of the SORA v3 network. This iteration will contain the VAL DAO structures, the SORA Parliament, and new infrastructure like the SORA Block Explorer and a Bitcoin Bridge.
- **SORAcles**: Although this functionality was proposed earlier in development, it’s implementation has been pushed to the SORA v3 network to ensure that they are safe, accurate and reliable. SORAcle implementation will be the gateway to alternative XST assets.
- **XST Base Pairs (Complete)**: XSTUSD-base pools for Polkaswap are XYK pools on Polkaswap that use XSTUSD instead of XOR as a base pair, in order to limit impermanent loss. If successful, they can be launched on the testnet shortly and then head to production.

> - **XST Tokenomics (Complete)**: The XST platform for synthetics includes 30+ crypto and real-world assets that will be available to users by burning XST tokens to mint these algorithmic synthetic assets. The tokenomics that serve as the base for for the XST platform need to be carefully thought out, tested, and implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **XST Tokenomics (Complete)**: The XST platform for synthetics includes 30+ crypto and real-world assets that will be available for users to mint by burning XST tokens. The tokenomics that serve as the base for the XST platform needs to be carefully thought out, tested, and implemented.
```

## Web

**Web** covers technology related to the IPFS-hosted web interface on [Polkaswap.io](https://polkaswap.io/).

- **DEO Arena (Complete)**: The first P2E game developed natively for the SORA network by the first SORA Builders team, [CERES](https://cerestoken.io/).
- **Polkaswap Charts (Complete)**: Every decentralized platform needs charts to allow for data analysis. Polkaswap is no different. Charts will be implemented within the Polkaswap UI directly.
- **Fearless Wallet integration (Complete)**: This integration will be available once the SORA network upgrades to Substrate 4. With this, it will be possible to have SORA network tokens available within the Fearless Wallet interface. This means that you will be able to access SORA fearlessly along with other Dotsama ecosystem tokens.
- **Fearless Wallet Desktop (Complete)**: Along with a desktop UI to fearlessly access your assets, there will also be a dApp signer that will serve as a fresh and intuitive alternative to the current Polkadot ecosystem extension.

> - **Multi-Bridge UI**: As the Substrate and Multi-EVM bridges are hosted in Polkaswap, it is important to have a seamless, stylish and free user experience that will allow transfers between any network, all in the same place and with the same intuitivity and ease of use you have come to know and love of the HASHI bridge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Multi-Bridge UI**: As the Substrate and Multi-EVM bridges are hosted in Polkaswap, it is important to have a seamless, stylish and free user experience that will allow transfers between any networks, all in the same place and with the same intuitivity and ease of use you have come to know and love of the HASHI bridge.
```

- **Address Book**: This is a minor quality of life improvement that makes a major difference. If you have contacts or personal accounts that you frequently use, the address book will allow you to access them quickly and easily.

> - **Subsquid Implementation**: The more data available for trading, the better. Work to access Subsquid data within Polkaswap will help with data accuracy for a better user experience and more accurate data feeds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Subsquid Implementation**: The more data available for trading, the better. Accessing Subsquid data within Polkaswap will help with data accuracy for a better user experience and more accurate data feeds.
```
